Good afternoon everyone, thanks for making time for this quick project progress update let's jump right in a cool can you please give us a rundown on the current project status.
Sure things Andrew as if now we're on track with the development phase, she shank and I have been working closely on the coding and we've made significant progress on the core functionalities.
That's correct we managed to implement major components and the initial testing looks promising, however, there are a few minor bugs that need to be addressed before moving forward.
Great work so far.
Pronathy, how are things on the design and user interface side.
The design is shaping up nicely, I've created wire frames for the main screens and after some feedback sessions with the team we fell on the clean and intuitive UI.
I'm currently in the process of finalizing the visual assets and CSS styles.
That's good to hear Pronathy, if you need any help with front end integration feel free to reach out.
Thanks a cool I'll keep that in mind.
One thing to consider is the performance as the project grows, we like encounter potential bottlenecks, which is our thinking about optimization strategies.
Agree it's just shank let's schedule a separate meeting to discuss performance improvements in more detail now regarding the timeline of cool are we still on track to meet the deadline.
Yes, as a matter we are, but we need to be cautious about the bug fixes and potential challenges ahead.
I think we should allocate some time for user testing and gather feedback to ensure we deliver a polished product.
Good point Pronathy let's make sure to account for that in the schedule.
A cool could you arrange for a testing phase of some internal users.
Sure, I'll organize it as soon as we are closer to the completion stage.
Perfect, but before we conclude one more thing we have a critical task that needs immediate attention.
We've identified a potential security vulnerability in the back end of our code that requires more testing and validation.
Yes, I believe that Yash's skill set is perfect for this task we can't afford any oversight in this area.
Absolutely it's a top priority we need Yash to dive into the code and conduct a thorough security audit to ensure we are safe guard safeguarding user data.
Agreed well thank you everyone for your hard work and dedication let's continue to collaborate and make this project a success until our next update meeting have a great day.